Document IdentityCredentialError (#40986)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fedcm_api/index.md

- {{domxref("IdentityCredential")}}
  - : Represents a user identity credential arising from successful federated authentication. A successful {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.get", "navigator.credentials.get()")}} call that includes an `identity` option fulfills with an {{domxref("IdentityCredential")}} instance.
- {{domxref("IdentityCredentialError")}}

>   - : Represents an authentication error indicating that the user agent did not receive an identity assertion after the user has requested to use a federated account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Represents an authentication error indicating that the user agent did not receive an identity assertion after the user has asked to authenticate using a federated credential.
```
